Another interesting addition to year 6 are template literals.
Now template literals are basically kind of strings with extra features and I showed it to you.
So first create a traditional variable here name where the value Max.
And of course it could print that out.
But asperin you this because well it's pretty straightforward what you would see.
Then I will create another variable which will name risk description.
And here I want to use a template literal.
I do this by using the back take that's the character you've never heard before in on your keeper on
your keyboard.
It stays angled.
Quotation mark here is so does not in normal single quotation mark but there bed leaning to the left
quotation mark.
You need two of them and then you might write multiline strings for example like this.
If I now print this description here and I hit run you'll see the asterisk literal.
Now that is a big difference already because of normal strings of course this would throw an error or
if I try to do something like this you would get an syntax error so that already is an addition.
It allows us to write multi-line strings like that but it also has more in its pocket than just that
.
For example we might use the variables inside of our template literal.
So I might write Hello all I am and then notice also that I don't have to escape years.
And so I use these back to ignore Haitian.
And then I can use the following syntax to print out a variable which is defined outside of this template
literal.
For example my name I use a dollar sign for this and then curly braces and inside of those calling braces
the name of the very low one to print.
So name here if I know where to run what you think we'll see.
We'll see.
Hello I'm Max.
So with the syntax I'm able to insert a variable inside my string here like this without having to exit
out of my string plus value plus quotation marks string like before.
Here you have one text and you can dynamically output values tets word a named template literals comes
from.
It kind of always might resemble if you're using that some templating engines you might use when doing
some server side or some general app development where you word also have special syntax to insert values
in your HDMI code.
If that is something you're aware of or you're using.
So that's kind of comparable here.
And with that we have a very quick and good way to write more complex text and stored in the variable
use multi-line and so on and also output our very world inside of it inside of this template expression
.
You might also add text again so like multiple exclamation marks.
So for now run you see them here.
So even though that's inside of this template expression inside of days call a brace block here.
Well I add that like we used to with a plus sign and then the string.
So in the end what we're doing here is between Neela's calling process you have to enter something which
can be resolved to to whispering.
And then you might do whatever you want to do here run some calculations and so on as long as the result
of whatever you're doing here inside of the curly braces returns a string that's really important.
By the way if for some reason you have a template literal where you need to actually print this out
instead of replacing it with this variable and so you can simply escape it with a backslash.
So now if I had run you'll see the whole template expression here and I'm not actually replacing name
with Max.
So that is how you can escape it if you need to.
And that our template literal is a nice little addition to allow you to quickly write more complex text
and stored them in variables as well as access different variables surrounding those template literals
.